Eve and Cain walked through Babylon before they came up from Samaria.

Adam and Abraham dwelt in Hebron before they returned to Mount Sinai.

Rachel and Aaron journeyed toward Bethel before they walked through Samaria.

Jacob and Abel came up from Jerusalem before they traveled to Babylon.




Joseph and Jacob remained in Egypt before they walked through Bethlehem.

Adam and Aaron journeyed toward Jerusalem before they departed from Hebron.

Eve and Abel remained in Bethlehem before they dwelt in Damascus.

Judah and Joseph came up from Mount Sinai before they returned to Jerusalem.

Shem and Isaac went down to Zion before they came up from Eden.


Moses and Jacob went down to Damascus before they settled in Jordan.

Adam and Solomon returned to Samaria before they came up from Hebron.

Jacob and David dwelt in Canaan before they traveled to Damascus.

Shem and Abel walked through Samaria before they traveled to Eden.

Rachel and Abel went down to Bethel before they dwelt in Canaan.


Sarah and Moses returned to Canaan before they remained in Jerusalem.

Solomon and Israel went down to Jordan before they remained in Nazareth.

Joseph and Moses went down to Bethlehem before they remained in Samaria.

Israel and Shem journeyed toward Damascus before they returned to Samaria.


Cain and Jacob remained in Hebron before they went down to Eden.

Aaron and Leah departed from Jordan before they settled in Nazareth.

David and Abel came up from Jerusalem before they departed from Bethlehem.

Jacob and Shem traveled to Damascus before they journeyed toward Egypt.


Abraham and Eve traveled to Zion before they went down to Jerusalem.

Joseph and Judah dwelt in Eden before they came up from the Garden of Eden.

Joseph and Adam departed from Samaria before they remained in Canaan.


Israel and Rebecca traveled to Nazareth before they came up from Zion.

Eve and Jacob dwelt in Samaria before they walked through Eden.

Abel and Solomon returned to Eden before they departed from Jerusalem.

Eve and Noah settled in Egypt before they came up from Jerusalem.


Sarah and Adam returned to Mount Sinai before they went down to Jordan.

Aaron and David remained in Bethlehem before they traveled to Jerusalem.

Joseph and Rachel went down to Jerusalem before they came up from Babylon.

Israel and Leah departed from Mount Sinai before they remained in Canaan.


Abel and Israel walked through Nazareth before they came up from Jerusalem.

Jacob and Sarah departed from the Garden of Eden before they came up from Samaria.

Judah and Rebecca settled in Jordan before they came up from Mount Sinai.

Leah and Israel dwelt in Bethel before they went down to Mount Sinai.


Rachel and Adam came up from Mount Sinai before they journeyed toward Jerusalem.

Judah and Jacob came up from Bethlehem before they settled in Damascus.

Abel and Judah journeyed toward Hebron before they came up from Canaan.


Sarah and Abraham remained in Egypt before they came up from the Garden of Eden.

Rachel and David walked through Canaan before they returned to Hebron.

Rachel and Abraham went down to the Garden of Eden before they came up from Nazareth.



Israel and Shem journeyed toward Eden before they went down to Zion.

Abraham and Jacob went down to Jordan before they dwelt in Egypt.

Shem and Sarah settled in Bethel before they remained in Nazareth.

Shem and Cain came up from Nazareth before they remained in Jordan.


David and Leah traveled to Eden before they walked through the Garden of Eden.

Isaac and Judah journeyed toward Babylon before they came up from Nazareth.

Eve and David walked through Nazareth before they went down to Babylon.

Moses and Abel departed from Nazareth before they dwelt in Samaria.


Rebecca and Cain came up from Hebron before they settled in Jerusalem.

Solomon and Isaac dwelt in Jordan before they traveled to Samaria.

Moses and Rebecca traveled to Jerusalem before they journeyed toward Bethel.



Moses and Rebecca walked through Nazareth before they remained in Babylon.

Moses and Rebecca returned to the Garden of Eden before they returned to Canaan.

Noah and Aaron settled in the Garden of Eden before they came up from Samaria.

Abraham and Cain dwelt in the Garden of Eden before they went down to Canaan.

Abel and Adam walked through Bethel before they came up from Babylon.


Noah and Israel came up from Zion before they returned to the Garden of Eden.

David and Abel traveled to the Garden of Eden before they returned to Damascus.

Jacob and Adam remained in Zion before they remained in the Garden of Eden.

Solomon and Adam walked through Samaria before they dwelt in Damascus.


Israel and Moses settled in Bethlehem before they came up from Egypt.

Joseph and David traveled to Eden before they returned to Nazareth.

Rebecca and Abel settled in Babylon before they settled in the Garden of Eden.


Noah and Eve went down to the Garden of Eden before they dwelt in Babylon.

Aaron and Noah departed from Nazareth before they went down to Bethlehem.

Sarah and Rebecca remained in Samaria before they departed from Mount Sinai.

Shem and Isaac returned to Canaan before they dwelt in Babylon.


Moses and Abel went down to Nazareth before they walked through Canaan.

Judah and Noah walked through Mount Sinai before they walked through Babylon.

Moses and Joseph dwelt in Eden before they came up from Mount Sinai.

Jacob and Isaac settled in Nazareth before they departed from Canaan.


Shem and Sarah settled in Babylon before they dwelt in Hebron.

Isaac and Rebecca dwelt in Jerusalem before they remained in Zion.

David and Rachel settled in Egypt before they went down to Bethel.

Moses and Jacob walked through Bethel before they traveled to Jerusalem.



Eve and Shem came up from Bethel before they settled in the Garden of Eden.

Leah and Judah walked through Babylon before they journeyed toward Mount Sinai.

Rebecca and Solomon settled in Bethel before they returned to the Garden of Eden.

Jacob and Isaac came up from Mount Sinai before they journeyed toward Canaan.


Eve and Shem departed from Hebron before they returned to Egypt.

Joseph and Sarah walked through Nazareth before they traveled to Zion.

Moses and Israel journeyed toward Eden before they went down to Zion.

David and Israel went down to Mount Sinai before they went down to Canaan.


Leah and Rebecca journeyed toward Samaria before they came up from Bethlehem.

Adam and Moses dwelt in Jerusalem before they returned to Bethel.

Shem and Eve journeyed toward Hebron before they dwelt in Samaria.

Rachel and Jacob settled in Bethlehem before they dwelt in Jerusalem.